[DOCS] 7.17.5 Release Notes (#2093)
elastic/security-docs: docs/release-notes/7.17.asciidoc

[[release-notes-header-7.17.0]]
== 7.17

[discrete]
[[release-notes-7.17.5]]
=== 7.17.5

[discrete]
[[bug-fixes-7.17.5]]
==== Bug fixes and enhancements
* Fixes a sorting and tooltip issue in Timeline for non-ECS fields that don’t have nested values ({pull}132570[#132570]).

> * If Endpoint's service is corrupted it will no longer unnecessarily prevent a Windows computer from booting (https://github.com/elastic/endpoint/issues/20[#20]).

Author: ```suggestion
* Fixes a bug that interfered with Windows' boot up process if {elastic-endpoint}'s Protected Process Light (PPL) service wasn't fully uninstalled on the machine (https://github.com/elastic/endpoint/issues/20[#20]).
```
